[Music]
3 3 2 1 one let's do it everybody was
with
everybody everybody
[Music]
the current record was set in Abu Dhabi
on 13th March
2016 by
3,929 people it's now an old record
because you set a new one today with
4,999 people
[Music]
so this is uh honestly a amazing feeling
and it's a very humbling experience that
uh our right to safety initiative has uh
been uh recognized as a guines book of
world record and I just want to take
this opportunity to thank all the
children and all our partners and all
the supporters and our employees who
made this happen it's been 3 years that
we've started this journey of providing
helmets and safety education to children
and when we started what we realized was
uh there are no helmets Road helmets for
children available in the shops so we
actually had to go out to a manufacturer
get them to specially made them for us
and then we started Distributing and by
now today we have distributed about
70,000 helmets over the last 3 years uh
and it's been an amazing journey and we
are looking forward to taking this
initiative forward in the years to come
and we really excited about the road
safy of what has got this time
so I was happy to award a new G ver
title to IC ICI Lomar General insurance
for the congratulations once again you
are officially amazing
[Music]